Add initiatives page and first project (#4472)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/initiatives.md

# Product Team Initiatives

Occasionally the product team takes on special initiatives that are not strictly tied to product delivery. Those are tracked here.

## Product Led Metrics Refinement

> In an effort to gain more clarity around product success and growth on Cloud, we aim to iterate and decide on the current Sourcegraph user metric definitions for On Premise. Aiming for new definition in place in FY21 Q3.

Author: ```suggestion
In an effort to gain more clarity around product success and growth on Cloud, we aim to iterate and decide on the current Sourcegraph user metric definitions for On Premise. Targeting to have the new definition in place in FY21 Q3.
```
